Finalize SMA Sunny Island (#12)
Enapter/marketplace: battery_inverters/sma_sunny_island/README.md

# SMA Sunny Island

This [Enapter Device Blueprint](https://github.com/Enapter/wip-marketplace#blue_book-enapter-device-blueprints) integrates **SMA Sunny Island** battery inverter via [Modbus TCP](https://developers.enapter.com/docs/reference/vucm/modbustcp) implemented on [Enapter Virtual UCM](https://handbook.enapter.com/software/software.html#%F0%9F%92%8E-virtual-ucm).

## Connect to Enapter

- Sign up to using [Web](https://cloud.enapter.com/) or mobile app ([iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/id1388329910), [Android](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.enapter&hl=en)).
- Use [Enapter Gateway](https://handbook.enapter.com/software/gateway/2.0.0/setup/) to run Virtual UCM.
- Create [Enapter Virtual UCM](https://handbook.enapter.com/software/software.html#%F0%9F%92%8E-virtual-ucm).

> - Find out and enter into [Lua script](https://github.com/Enapter/marketplace/blob/main/battery_inverters/sma_sunny_island/firmware.lua) the following information about your SMA Sunny Island device:
>   - Modbus IP address (use either static IP or DHCP reservation),
>   - Modbus Unit ID (can be found in SMA Web interface).
> - [Upload](https://developers.enapter.com/docs/tutorial/uploading-blueprint/) this blueprint to ENP-VIRTUAL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Upload](https://developers.enapter.com/docs/tutorial/uploading-blueprint/) this blueprint to the newly created Enapter Virtual UCM.
- Use `Configure` command in Enapter mobile app or Web to set up SMA Sunny Island communication parameters:
  - _Modbus IP address_, use either static IP or DHCP reservation. Check your network router manual for configuration instructions.
  - _Modbus Unit ID_, can be found in SMA Web interface. Find out [how to configure it](fixme) in SMA manual.
```

- [Upload](https://developers.enapter.com/docs/tutorial/uploading-blueprint/) this blueprint to the newly created Enapter Virtual UCM.
- Use `Configure` command in Enapter mobile app or Web to set up SMA Sunny Island communication parameters:
  - _Modbus IP address_, use either static IP or DHCP reservation. Check your network router manual for configuration instructions.
  - _Modbus Unit ID_, can be found in SMA Web interface. Find out [how to configure it](fixme) in SMA manual.

>   - _Modbus Unit ID_, can be found in SMA Web interface. Find out [how to configure it](fixme) in SMA manual.

Author: @nikitug could'nt find relevant link, only these:
https://files.sma.de/downloads/EDMx-Modbus-TI-en-15.pdf - info about Modbus Unit ID
https://files.sma.de/downloads/SI44M-80H-13-BE-en-13.pdf - use of Web interface (but without changing unit ID)

Reviewer: Ok, let's add that to the reference section anyway
